This directory contains files for reproducing proofs relevant to the RoboChart ANN components. 

- The directory 'segwaycomparison_cspgen' contains the automatically generated CSPM semantics of RoboTool for the SegwayComparison
RoboTool project, which contains a model of all four segway versions: standard, parallel version 1, version 2, and version 3, although version 1
is no longer used or referred to, it is an outdated version. 

The CSPM files were generated by RoboChart generator version 3.0.0.202306261132, and on the date: 22-08-2023.

- The directory 'cspgen_integrated_annsemantics' contains a copy of the above semantics, but where the optimised (O__) process of the AnglePID_C 
controller of the module Segway_P3 has been replaced with a process implemented a discretised neural network. 

Due to the modularity of RoboChart, there is only one file that has changed: 'cspgen_integrated_annsemantics/defs/Segway_P3_AnglePID_C.csp'.

In particular, the module Segway_P3_AnglePID_C has been modified, Segway_P3_AnglePID_C::O__ now refers to an ANN semantics and the original state
machine semantics of AnglePID_C are still in the module, but renamed to the process Segway_P3_AnglePID_C::ORIGINAL. 

- The 'segway_assertions.csp' file contains CSPM that contains both basic assertions, and refinement assertions, concerning the Segway models and
the parallel segway models, without an ANN component. This file imports its processes from the directory 'segwaycomparison_cspgen'. 

- The 'segway_ann_integrated_assertions.csp' file contains CSPM that contains assertions concerning the Segway P3 model, with the ANN component. 
It contains basic assertions on the Segway P3 process, refinement assertions between the Segway and the Segway with ANN process, and also contains
cyclicity assertions, where we establish that the AnglePID controller is cyclic. It also contains a simplified AnglePID process, for further 
validation. This file imports from the directory 'cspgen_integrated_annsemantics'. 

- The 'constants.csp' file contains the constants of the Segway model. We note that all versions of the Segway model use the same constants, and
these constants are used by every process we test in both files: sequential, parallel, and parallel with an ANN component. 

- The 'logs' directory contains the output of FDR after running the 'segway_assertions.csp' and 'segway_ann_integrated_assertions.csp' files, 
using the option --quiet. 